fix: migrate `no_eq_null` and `prefer_is_nan` (#90)
getgrit/js: .grit/patterns/no_eq_null.md

tags: #good

```grit
engine marzano(0.1)
language js

> // We use the syntax-tree node BinaryExpression to capture all expressions where $a and $b are operated on by "==" or "!=".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// We use the syntax-tree node binary_expression to capture all expressions where $a and $b are operated on by "==" or "!=".
```
